and it came to pass after the play that
the Lord spoke to Moses and Eleazar the
son of Aaron the priest take a census of
all the congregation of the children of
Israel from twenty years old and above
by their fathers houses all who are able
to go to war in Israel so Moses and
Eleazar the priest spoke with them in
the plains of Moab by the Jordan across
from Jericho take a census of the people
from 20 years old and above just as the
LORD commanded Moses and the children of
Israel who came out of the land of Egypt
Reuben was the firstborn of Israel the
children of Reuben were of henyk the
family of the hay naxaiites of Palu the
family of the pala rites of hezron the
family of the hezron i'ts of karma the
family of the car mites these are the
families of the Reuben i'ts those who
were numbered of them were forty three
thousand seven hundred and thirty and
the son of Palu
was a liar the sons of Eliab were named
ul Dathan and abiram
these are the Dayton and a byron
representatives of the congregation who
contended against Moses and Aaron in the
company of coda when they contended
against the Lord and the earth opened
its mouth and swallowed them up together
with coda
when that company died when the fire
devoured 250 men they became a sign
nevertheless the children of coda did
not die the sons of Simeon according to
their families were of nem UL the family
of the nemi lights of Jamin the family
of the Geminids of jaqen the family of
the JK Knights of Zera the family of the
czar heights of shawl the family of the
Shore lights these are the families of
the Samia Knights
22200 the sons of God according to their
families were of Z fond the family of
the dzifa Knights of Hagia may the
family of the haggart's
of xu9 the family of the shoe Knights of
asthma the family of the Oz Knights of
ERI the family of the II rights of a rod
the family of the erudite of a rely the
family of their relights these are the
families of the sons of God according to
those who were numbered of them forty
thousand five hundred the sons of Judah
were ER and Onan and ER and Onan died in
the land of Canaan and the sons of Judah
according to their families were of
Shilla the family of the Shilla Knights
of Pyrrhus the family of the posits of
Zera the family of the Tsar Heights
and the sons of Peters were of hezron
the family of the hezron i'ts of Hamel
the family of the Hamer lights these are
the families of Judah according to those
who were numbered of them seventy six
thousand five hundred the sons of
Issachar according to their families
were of Tola the family of the toliet of
pure the family of the pew Knights of
Jacob the family of the J Schubert's of
shimron the family of the shimmer
Knights these are the families of
esseker according to those who were
numbered of them sixty-four thousand
three hundred four sons of Zebulun
according to their families were of C
read the family of the Tsar dates of
Elam the family of the ELA knights of
Jolyon the family of the jolly alights
these are the families of the Zebulon
nights according to those who were
numbered of them sixty thousand five
hundred the sons of Joseph according to
their families by Manasseh and Ephraim
were the sons of Manasseh of Makia the
family of the maker rights and maker
begat Gilead of Gilead the family of the
gileadites these are the sons of Gilead
of jez a family of the juries rights of
heal ik the family of the Gila kites of
Azrael the family of the Asura lights of
Shechem the family of the Shechem
heights of shemitah the family of the
shemitah heights
of Haifa the family of the he ferrets
now Salafi had the son of Haifa had no
sons but daughters and the names of the
daughters of Zelophehad Ramallah Noah
Hagler Milkha and Tessa
these are the families of Manasseh and
those who were numbered of them were
fifty two thousand seven hundred these
are the sons of Ephraim according to
their families of shrew fella the family
of the shoe phthalates of beaker the
family of the back rights of taihen the
family of the taya Knights and these are
the sons of shufen of Iran the family of
the arenites
these are the families of the sons of
Ephraim according to those who were
numbered of them 32,500 these are the
sons of Joseph according to their
families
sons of benjamin according to their
families were of béla the family of the
be lights of Asheville the family of the
Asheville lights of a higher earth the
family of the a higher Knights of shufen
the family of the shoe fomites of hue
feh the family of the hue fo Knights and
the sons of Beeler were awed and named
of odd the family of the are dates of
naman the family of the near mites these
are the sons of Benjamin according to
their families and those who were
numbered of them were forty five
thousand six hundred these are the sons
of death according to their families of
schewe
the family of their shoe Hermits these
are the families of Dan according to
their families all the families of the
shoe Hermits according to those who were
numbered of them were sixty-four
thousand four hundred the sons of Asher
according to their families were of Jim
nur the family of the Jim Knights of
Jess UI the family of the Jesuits of
pariah the family of the Bryan's
of the sons of pariah of Heber the
family of the Hiba rights of Malkiel the
family of the malkia lights and the name
of the daughter of Asher was sealer
these are the families of the sons of
Asher according to those who are
numbered of them fifty three thousand
four hundred
the sons of Naphtali according to their
families were of jazia the family of the
jazzy lights of guna the family of the
GU nights of Jesus the family of the
geez rites of Shilla the family of the
Schiller nights these are the families
of NAFTA lie according to their families
and those who were numbered of them were
forty-five thousand four hundred bees
are those who were numbered of the
children of Israel six hundred and one
thousand seven hundred and thirty when
the Lord spoke to Moses to leaves the
land shall be divided as an inheritance
according to the number of names to a
large tribe you shall give a larger
inheritance and to a small tribe you
shall give a smaller inheritance each
shall be given its inheritance according
to those who were numbered of them but
the land shall be divided by lot they
shall inherit according to the names of
the tribes of their fathers according to
the Lord their inheritance shall be
divided between the larger and the
smaller and these are those who were
numbered of the Levites according to
their families of Gershon the family of
the gershonites of Kohath the family of
the kohathites of Merari
the family of the marais writes these
are the families of the Levites the
family of the lib nights the family of
the Hebrew mites the family of the
mallets the family of the new heights
and the family of the Korah fights
and Kohath begat amaura the name of
AMRAAMs wife was Jacobite the daughter
of lever who was born to Levi in Egypt
and to Amram she bore Aaron and Moses
and their sister Miriam to Aaron was
born Nadab and Abihu Eleazar and Ithaca
an a DAB and a by hew died when they
offered profane fire before the Lord now
those who were numbered of them were
twenty three thousand every male from a
month old and a bath for they were not
numbered among the other children of
Israel because there was no inheritance
given to them among the children of
Israel these are those who were numbered
by Moses and Eleazar the priest who
numbered the children of Israel in the
plains of Moab by the Jordan across from
Jericho but among these there was not a
man of those who were numbered by Moses
and Aaron the priest when they numbered
the children of Israel in the wilderness
of Sinai for the Lord had said of them
they shall surely die in the wilderness
[Music]
so there was not left a man of them
except Caleb the son of Jephunneh and
Joshua the son of nun
[Music]
you